Jupyter notebook updated 09/06/2024

Jupyter notebook updated 09/20/2024  
Changes:  
Preview temperature dependent Nyquist labelling issue addressed  
Simplified linear regression weighting function by eliminating constants and values that cancel  
Fixed issue that made error bars on arrhenius plot too small  

Jupyter notebook updated 11/22/2024
Changes:
Added an extract_number function to extract the EISPOT_#.DTA # and sort .DTA files in order before assigning them a replicate number within each target temperature.

Jupyter notebook updated 12/10/2024
Changes:
Changed file date and time retrieval from OS last time modified to .DTA internal timestamp, which is written at the first data point collected. This adjusts all times in files forward the duration of the EIS run.

# Major Update 5/26/2025--> The Beneficence of Austin
## Changes:
- Updated 4 compatibility with new Quincy
- Improved temperature determination
- Added pre-fitting dataset exclusion
- Added jigglefit to prevent trapping in local minima
- Improved Nyquist previews
- Improved truncation functionality
- Outlier testing and exclusion added
- Improved commenting
- Refactored all code and defined functions where appropriate

## PyEIS added 6/2/2025
- Credit to Kristian Knudsen https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2532067
- Plotting function issue present in official distribution fixed in the version here
- No additional circuits in this version

## Shelby's PyEIS added 6/2/2025
- Still credit to Kristian Knudsen https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2532067
- R-RQ-RQ-Q equivalent circuit added

# Major Update 2/11/2026 - RelaxIS, Hopping freq., and Thermotron
Shelby updated Austin's code to be compatible with fitting in RelaxIS, rather than with PyEIS. There are now two Jupyter notebooks.
1. The first is "pre-processing" and is used to label the potentiostat .DTA files with the temperature data (including compatibility for Quincy [although this is untested], manual excel file temperature logging, and the Thermotron temperature log files). Use this notebook to quickly visualize the Nyquist plots, determine how many replicates to keep at each temperature, and save copies of those .DTA files with updated filenames and updated metadata. To import temperature data into RelaxIS from filename, Main>Settings>Data & Import and change the Regular expression to: (?'T'-?[0-9]+)C_.*\.DTA
2. The second is "post-processing" and is used to analyze the equivalent circuit parameters and fits generated by RelaxIS. The structure of this section is largely the same as in Austin's previous code, with an addition for hopping frequency (omega_p) arrhenius analysis to facilitate extraction of entropy of migration (assuming you can approximate the attempt frequency - see Shelby's entropy of migration slides on the lab manual [useful resources > echem resources] for more information). Also added a function to generate a Nyquist plot of one replicate for each temperature on one two-panel plot.
